1) Pima Indians Diabetes Database:
- This dataset is originally from the National Institute of Diabetes and Digestive and Kidney Diseases. 
The objective of the dataset is to diagnostically predict whether or not a patient has diabetes, based on certain diagnostic measurements 
included in the dataset. Several constraints were placed on the selection of these instances from a larger database. In particular, 
all patients here are females at least 21 years old of Pima Indian heritage.

- The datasets consists of several medical predictor variables and one target variable, Outcome. 
Predictor variables includes the number of pregnancies the patient has had, their BMI, insulin level, age, and so on.

2) Wine Quality Data Set (Red & White Wine):
- This data set contains records related to red and white variants of the Portuguese Vinho Verde wine. It contains information 
from 1599 red wine samples and 4898 white wine samples. Input variables in the data set consist of the type of wine 
either red or white wine) and metrics from objective tests (e.g. acidity levels, PH values, ABV, etc.), while the target/output 
variable is a numerical score based on sensory data—median of at least 3 evaluations made by wine experts. Each expert graded 
the wine quality between 0 (very bad) and 10 (very excellent). Due to privacy and logistic issues, there is no data about grape 
types, wine brand, and wine selling price.

Input variables:

1 - type of wine: type of wine (categorical: 'red', 'white')

(continuous variables based on physicochemical tests)

2 - fixed acidity: The acids that naturally occur in the grapes used to ferment the wine and 
carry over into the wine. They mostly consist of tartaric, malic, citric or succinic acid that mostly 
originate from the grapes used to ferment the wine. They also do not evaporate easily. (g / dm^3)

3 - volatile acidity: Acids that evaporate at low temperatures—mainly acetic acid which can lead to an unpleasant, 
vinegar-like taste at very high levels. (g / dm^3)

4 - citric acid: Citric acid is used as an acid supplement which boosts the acidity of the wine. It's typically 
found in small quantities and can add 'freshness' and flavor to wines. (g / dm^3)

5 - residual sugar: The amount of sugar remaining after fermentation stops. It's rare to find wines
with less than 1 gram/liter. Wines residual sugar level greater than 45 grams/liter are considered sweet. 
On the other end of the spectrum, a wine that does not taste sweet is considered as dry. (g / dm^3)

6 - chlorides: The amount of chloride salts (sodium chloride) present in the wine. (g / dm^3)

7 - free sulfur dioxide: The free form of SO2 exists in equilibrium between molecular SO2 (as a dissolved gas) 
and bisulfite ion; it prevents microbial growth and the oxidation of wine. All else constant, the higher the 
free sulfur dioxide content, the stronger the preservative effect. (mg / dm^3)

8 - total sulfur dioxide: The amount of free and bound forms of S02; in low concentrations, SO2 is mostly 
undetectable in wine, but at free SO2 concentrations over 50 ppm, SO2 becomes evident in the nose and taste of wine. (mg / dm^3)

9 - density: The density of wine juice depending on the percent alcohol and sugar content; it's typically 
similar but higher than that of water (wine is 'thicker'). (g / cm^3)

10 - pH: A measure of the acidity of wine; most wines are between 3-4 on the pH scale. The lower the pH, 
the more acidic the wine is; the higher the pH, the less acidic the wine. (The pH scale technically is a 
logarithmic scale that measures the concentration of free hydrogen ions floating around in your wine. 
Each point of the pH scale is a factor of 10. This means a wine with a pH of 3 is 10 times more acidic than a wine with a pH of 4)

11 - sulphates: Amount of potassium sulphate as a wine additive which can contribute to sulfur dioxide 
gas (S02) levels; it acts as an antimicrobial and antioxidant agent.(g / dm3)

12 - alcohol: How much alcohol is contained in a given volume of wine (ABV). Wine generally contains 
between 5–15% of alcohols. (% by volume)

Output variable:

13 - quality: score between 0 (very bad) and 10 (very excellent) by wine experts
